readme.md, before:

# Kijiji Watcher

Makes use of various libraries scrape Kijiji and notify users of new postings as frequently as they would like on Telegram and in the terminal.

## ToDo:

- [x] Check that each scan is actually recieving ads from kijiji to ensure I'm not being blocked

- [x] Start logging important information to a file. This could include the number of ads removed for one.

- [ ] Allow multiple searches to be defined.

- [ ] Display a live countdown to the next scan in terminal.

## Nice-to-Haves

- [ ] Alerts on additional platforms.

- [ ] Define new searches remotely e.g. via Telegram bot.

## Known Bugs:

- [ ] Certain ads are not being picked up as new when they are posted. In a test, an ad posted at 6:39:15pm was not in the list of results returned by a scan performed at 6:39:40pm~, despite having been live for 25 seconds at that point. The next scan 30 seconds later found this ad, but because it was found to be posted before the scan done at 6:39:40pm it was classified as having already been pushed to users.

Commit message:

Add AdFormatTest.js, Ignore Config.js, MiscUpdates
Modified the Telegram code to condense it's output to a single message.
Updated ConfigExample.js to reflect updates made in the live config
file.
Added bug info to readme.md.
Added the live config file (config.js) to .gitignore, users need to
create their own with their own settings.

readme.md, after:

# Kijiji Watcher

Makes use of various libraries scrape Kijiji and notify users of new postings as frequently as they would like on Telegram and in the terminal.

## ToDo:

- [x] Check that each scan is actually recieving ads from kijiji to ensure I'm not being blocked

- [x] Start logging important information to a file. This could include the number of ads removed for one.

- [ ] Allow multiple searches to be defined.

- [ ] Display a live countdown to the next scan in terminal.

- [ ] Condense ads into a single message.

## Nice-to-Haves

- [ ] Alerts on additional platforms.

- [ ] Define new searches remotely e.g. via Telegram bot.

## Known Bugs:

- [ ] Certain ads are not being picked up as new when they are posted. In a test, an ad posted at **6:39:15pm** was not in the list of results returned by a scan performed at **6:39:40pm~**, despite having been live for 25 seconds at that point. The next scan 30 seconds later found this ad, but because it was found to be posted before the scan done at **6:39:40pm** it was classified as having already been pushed to users. 
- [ ] Program won't run unless you manually create a log directory under the project root.
- [ ] Starting the program in different ways, i.e. node run start vs node index.js, may introduce errors related to relative paths for logging.

## Notes:

Ads don't seem to be picked up by the mobile API for up to a minute after they are posted.
